Docs release 1.10.0 csi 4365 host define (#517)
IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver: docs/content/release_notes/whats_new.md

**General availability date:** 15 July 2022

## New automatic host connectivity definition

> IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10.0 now supports automatic host definition for new host connectivity.

Reviewer: @matancarmeli7 what does `for new host connectivity` mean? if we add a new connectivity for an existing host, we won't update its definition on storage

Author: to clarify - can update to "for new storage host connectivity"

Reviewer: if by `new storage host connectivity` you mean new ports for an existing host definition on storage, that's not supported here either

Author: updated

Reviewer: what does `newly defined storage host connectivity` mean? new type of connectivity? because I don't think we change old existing host definitions when workers change their connectivity type (NVMe/FC/iSCSI)

Author: @oriyarde what exactly **does** it include once its installed?

Reviewer: dynamic host definition for new nodes (the connectivity is a detail of the definition, the trigger of the feature is when adding nodes)

Reviewer: but perhaps @matancarmeli7 could clarify better

Author: it can be more than a sentence long. but we need to say what this feature does and why it should be used

Reviewer: same as in volume provisioning - "dynamic" means the user doesn't needed to statically define the "dynamic object" on storage in advance

Author: updated

Reviewer: opening a new conversation for current revision

> IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10.0 enables users to not have the need to statically define dynamic objects on the storage in advance. The `HostDefiner` custom resource handles changes in the Kubernetes clusters that relate to the host definition feature and applies them to the relevant clusters.

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10.0 can be deployed with a new host definer component, which dynamically defines nodes connectivity on storage for the user.
```

Reviewer: and optionally - `, eliminating the need for manual static host definitions`

Author: updated

> IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10.0 enables users to not need to statically define dynamic objects on the storage in advance, eliminating the need for manual static host definitions. The host definer handles changes in the Kubernetes clusters that relate to the host definition feature and applies them to the relevant clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10.0 enables users to not need to statically define hosts on the storage in advance, eliminating the need for manual static host definitions. The host definer handles changes in the orchestrator cluster that relate to the host definition and applies them to the relevant storage systems.
```
sorry for the confusion

Author: updated
